Welcome was a student.
This is Edwin from the future.
Every time you hear I'm from the future know that I'm just coming back to update the course.
So I want to make you aware of something when I started this cause I started this course in lower version
version 5.2 right now about the time I'm recording this very video is on seven point something or seven
so things have changed a little bit.
So you're about to learn about ROUTE ROUTES is how we route that request on our application and routes
are locating the route folder in the web that BHP now in the following lectures you're gonna see Edwin
from the past go into a different folder.
Do not listen to him.
Just listen to what I'm telling you right now.
OK.
So every time you see Edwin from the past going to AB H DCP routes which does not exist anymore Don't
go there.
OK.
You're gonna go to the routes and the web that BHP is the magical file.
This is where all your routes are going to be.
This is the same thing as routes that BHP before when La Lobo was older.
OK.
I'm going to put this in writing in the next lecture is gonna be the same thing that I'm telling you
right now would a little bit more information but just keep in mind that that's where you need to go
on the routes to web that BHP in the routes for that which is in the route.
OK.
In the same level as app same levels.
So I hope this was clear enough for you if you have any questions here.
Sorry about that but I'm just keeping I'm just updating the course and this is a long course and I'm
going to keep updating the course and you're gonna keep getting more value for your time and your money.
Don't worry I got your back.
I'll see you in the next lectures.